I am armed with strange disciples, if it is not a destined person
Are you a destined person who carries a big bag?
Hmph Zhang Shoucheng
This is a great god
You're a layman that dogs don't understand
What are you screaming about here?
If you delay the best time to go to the sky
You can afford the flies.
Master Master
The disciple is going to the sky in one step
Let this yellow-mouthed child have a long experience
Well, not bad. Five strides in a row. Easy.
This red collar is really talented.
I guess him.
Can't get out of time
Take it one step further.
It means that he was accepted by Kunlun Treasure Mirror
It's a destined person
Then wouldn't we be able to see Kunlun?
The sight of the mirror
It's a pity that he is here
Just one more step.
You will be punished by the Kunlun Sword
The Hurinese are on the verge of success
Zhao Shoucheng, what are you talking about as a porter?
ignorant fool
What if Hongling entered the world?
If he can reach the tenth step
I'm kowtowing and apologizing right now
Then you kneel for me
Seventh level
Daoist Hongyun will be able to reach level 10 soon
It's snowing, is this angering Tianfa?
No way this is Ruixue
auspicious omen
Hahahaha
Sure enough, I guessed right.
This red-collar Taoist
It is the destined person of this Kunlun treasure mirror
Zhang Shoucheng, get ready to kneel down and kowtow
No more than three steps
He will definitely be thrown by the enchantment of the Kunlun mirror
Come out three
Zhang Chou Cheng, what are you?
Erhahahaha Zhang Shoucheng
Don't you think
Red-collar Taoists can't get on this season, right?